# Introduction of characters, lore and familiar relationships <sub>(Published on January 23rd, 2022)</sub>
-Dearest family members<br><br>Damon Alexander Dearest:<br>Almost retired pop star from the Inferno. The father of the family<br><br>Miya Tiffany Mearest:<br>Almost retired rock star from the Inferno. The mother of the family<br><br>Bryan Ricky Dearest Mearest:<br>Leader of the band "Golden Claws". The 1st descendant and the eldest son of the family. "elegant" rock guitarist.<br><br>Galey May Dearest Mearest:<br>Leader of the band "Metal revolution". The 2nd descendant and the eldest daughter of the family. Lighly crazy and heavy metal guitarrist<br><br>Gisselle Rachel Dearest Mearest:<br>Soloist and skilled rapper, freestyler and singer. The 3rd descendant and the youngest daughter of the family.<br><br>Chris Ken Dearest Mearest:<br>Amateur singer and meme enjoyer. The 4th descendant and the youngest son of the family<br><br>-Carest family members<br><br>Roger Erick Carest:<br>Leader and boss of the mafia "The Carriers". The father of the family<br><br>Rose Mery Navol:<br>Right hand of the mafia and the accountant of the business. The mother of the family<br><br>Brandon Carest Navol:<br>The eldest son and the 1st descendant of the family. Actually is the left hand of Roger and commands many soldiers for defending the merchandiese for the business.<br><br>Jonathan Carest Navol:<br>The 2nd descendant of the family. Actually is the bodyguard of the Carest descendants and his parents sometimes.<br><br>Betty Carest Navol:<br>The 3rd descendant and the eldest daugther of the family. Actually is the architect who designs the bases and places for hiding vehicles andmerchandise from the law.<br><br>Megan Carest Navol:<br>The 4rd descendant of the family. Actually is the main recruiter of shooters that defend the business.<br><br>Kaity Carest Navol:<br>The 5th descendant of the family. Actually is an anonymous designer of clothes for selling them to other mafia members and making money.<br><br>Eli Carest Navol:<br>The 6th descendant and the youngest daughter of the family. Actually is a covered spy that watches the moves of her brothers and sisters.<br><br>Evan Carest Navol:<br>The 7th descendant and the youngest son of the family. Actually is studying in the high school, but after that will help with her Sister Megan to recruit people for the business.<br><br>-Other people:<br><br>Carol Nicole Pentul Bose:<br>Daughter of Bruce Pentul and Paulyne Bose. Best friend of Gisselle, likes the accordion and guitar, and travel to other countries with her family.<br><br>Sunday Loise Bay Restel:<br>Adopted daughter of the Pentul family. Baterist of "Metal Revolution" band, and couple of one of the Dearest descendants.<br><br>Sky Zelia Wenchman Fover:<br>Young drug dealer and maker. Independant high school student, hostile, and addicted to suspicious substances.<br><br>Pico Drake Nolstan Grunty:<br>Son of Thomas Flusty and Tamy Motcher. Famous beter man in "GoldCoin" casino, paranoic and arrogant.<br><br>Tabi Rockie Holten Skotu:<br>Trap and Reggaeton enjoyer.<br>Member of the band "Reggae tons"<br>Was in love of an prohibited being